What's another piece?
I only auctioned one piece.
It didn't say that only one piece of chopped green onion is important to save people
I'll let the scallion cut the auction piece
I offered to send you this favor.
This world can't live without
This piece is for Du Lao
If Du Lao can really develop a medicine
Merit in Contemporary Times
Profit in Chiaki
I just hope that when Du Lao is a medicine, he will not charge a high price for the medicine.
Be treated equally
Let everyone in the world be treated
cure the disease
Small and high
The old man admires Mr. Gao Yi and Miss Li
Do you want me to sell it to you?
Or give it to you?
Just make an offer.
I don't want to owe you a favor
Then I'll give it to you.
You look just like your father
Jiang Shun, what else do you have to say now?
I don't admit it
If the dragon head stick is lost in my hands
Lao Tzu's lifeline is gone
Am I bargaining
Do you still want to play the nonsense?
I also call it Chen Dollar's Money